solet's the deal with Larry Johnson he
calls me a name he gets to go to a
first-place team I'm still stuck in
today
not that there's anything wrong with
that I think I know I play it's today
Dan is a case of DRO did you guys know I
used to be a ball boy for the Pittsburgh
Steelers
that's a good ball a lot better than
Kramer was when he's a bald ones with us
open with as I proved yesterday not only
by a master of mind of a master of the
Pittsburgh Steelers
many Cunningham
Franco Harris Jim James barrier
hello everyone I am Jim Shearer and
welcome to yen's love distillers I don't
even know if I have anything witty to
say on last week's episode I said that
uh last week's episode would be the
least viewed episode of the season I was
right at least for a week because I have
a feeling that this episode will
probably be the least viewed episode of
the season and here's why
Chiefs versus distillers and on the very
first play the game Jamaal Charles looks
like he's gonna get a nice 30-yard
return and then de maua not again 97
yards Chiefs lead 7 nothing Hinds if he
could get a touchdown Chiefs would tie
it but then Lord Timon's
strips Matt Cassel James Harrison with
the recovery and that is going to lead
to this big been fighting rush part it's
mendenhall Steelers lead 2417 ball game
over right well not so fast
Chiefs drives Matt Cassel it'll play
axis to Jamal Charles this game is tied
at 24 in peace but the stellar self
brilliant on that two-minute drill we're
gonna we're just gonna score a touchdown
game over
not yet again going to overtime Spillers
with what the coin toss and then Big Ben
is just going to get drilled mean in
at least he was moving his arms and legs
but take a look at the replay his neck
is going to snap all the way back from
side to side he would leave with a
slight concussion in comes Chuck batch
he would look good for his first few
passes and then on a 32 I call my wide
picked out from a while Neymar Chiefs
take over and then Matt Cassel going
deep Ike Taylor with the interception
but he cannot hang on to it and that
would burn the Steelers because on the
very next play Castle to Chris Chambers
61 yards down the sideline making it
look easy and then Ryan you hate him
because he's a suck-up for the field
goal the Chiefs beat distillers in
overtime 27 27 to 24 Big Bend two yards
shy of passing for 400 yards Hines Ward
a buck 28 receiving but it doesn't
matter because the Steelers lose
dropping to six and four now listen pick
up your heads people they don't call me
the dr. feelgood of the low budget / no
budget homemade football web show world
for nothing I can make you feel good no
yes that still a lost yesterday it's
stung but this should make it sting a
little less Browns up by 6 with 8
seconds to go and line through the
desperate Matt Stafford flushed out to
the left Matt Stafford comes back to his
right and he is just going to give a
Hail Mary into the end zone intercepted
by brawny pulls Stafford is drilled but
let's take another look at that Hank
Poteat remember him called for pass
interference
so yes the Lions have
like Stanford drags himself back on but
feels way too Quinn's like oh no then
this will be the last play the game
Stafford to Brandon Pettigrew Lions kick
the extra point and they beat the Browns
who are terrible this year 38 37 and
let's head out west raiders versus
bangles Raiders down by 7 with 40
seconds to go on Bruce Brant Kowski to
Lewis Barbie who fights for the
touchdown this game is all tied up and
on the ensuing kickoff Andre Carlo
stripped by brandon myers who also
recovers the ball and let's take a look
at this again that is buh buh buh that's
very nice
bangles cannot believe it bring on
Sebastian Janikowski and just like that
the bangles go down 22 17 and the Ravens
lost to so even though we lost yesterday
we didn't lose any ground and speaking
of the Ravens we take them on in
Baltimore Sunday Night Football this
Sunday in Charm City which parts of it
aren't that charming if you've ever been
there that will do it for this episode
of Bien's love distillers if you guys
would like to email us you can do that
at yen's love distillers at yahoo.com
all of our episodes can be seen over at
myspace.com / gins love distillers and
until next time I am Jim shear and I
will see Yin's later